---
# You don't need to edit this file, it's empty on purpose.
# Edit theme's home layout instead if you wanna make some changes
# See: https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults
layout: page
---
Link to portfolios: <a href="https://olusinae.github.io/refugeehub/index.html">Portfolios</a>

	5/9/2017
	========
	We had a scrum during class time led by me. The purpose of the scrum was to review what we have achieved so far and what we still have ahead.
	It was also a moment to charge group members who have not been contributing much to the project.
	After much discussion, it was clear to everyone what tasks we have at hand and how to go about achieving them. We realised that there is need for us to make use of kanban for tracking activites/tasks on trello to ensure efficiency.
	Hence, after the scrum, we all logged on to trello and made cards of tasks we have completed, tasks we are working on and the ones we need to embark on later.
	Each member was also assigned to at least a task to ensure that we are able to check on each other, whenever someone is lagging behind.
	I assigned myself to finishing the `Refugee Information Page`
	Notifications of this was put on slack by Aaron for everyone to see, most especially Cade, who was absent.

	7/9/2017
	========
	We all were unable to meet at once today due to a test for another course that we had to take. Ninh and I were only able to attend the 3pm class while Aaron, Cade and Nick were able to meet at 1pm.
	However, it was a successfull day as we were able to get everyone around (even though it was at different times) and got something tangible done. 
	The Homepage layout was modified and several other features were implemented.
	This made it possible to move some tasks from "doing" and "to do" to "done".
	Personally, I wasnt able to do much, but i assisted with modifying the website layout.
	Our next meeting was scheduled for Monday 11th of September.

	11/92017
	========
	I was quite unwell and was unable to attend the scheduled meeting.
	However, based on the reports and feedback from the meeting, a draft for presentation for the next class was made.
	The draft has milestones that has been achieved and the ones that needs to be reached.

	12/9/2017
	=========
	We had our presentation in class today. The presentation was aimed at us gving a report and overview of what we are doing, what we have achieved and what we are aiming to achieve. Nick was absent, which left Cade, Aaron, Ninh and I to present to our client and other colleagues.
	After the presentation, we worked on the web app and made some modifications to it. 
	A few  of the things I changed include;

	1)Navs copied into respective pages from navheader.php.

	2)Hiding the google translate banner(in refugeehub.css)

	3)Making the navs hover background color(In refugeehub.css).

	4)Making the selected page have a background color to show active page(In refugeehub.css and navs inside form).

	5)Resizing the nav bar height at the top of the pages in refugeehub.css.

	6)Changing the format of nav links in their forms(i.e putting the "a href" outside of the <li>).

	7)Removing text decoration&list-style-type from navs in refugeehub.css


	14/9/2017
	=========
	We continued setting up the pages. I opted to design the refugee information page.
	I made a few changes by getting rid of the default contents and adding needed features on it.

	18/9/2017
	=========
	We had our usual Monday meeting, to check on our progress and to discuss issues and suggestions
	from the group members.

	19/9/2017
	=========
	We had a brief discussion with our client, Elise and gave her updates on
	the project.
	Based on our previous meeting, it was decided that we carry out a research on the
	information we planned on putting on the website. It appears that due to lack of sufficient data,
	there is less progress made on the website.
	Elise was quite satisfied with this.

	Also, we had a database account set up for us on mariaDB for the forum feature.

	21/9/2017
	=========
	The research for needed information continued and links to the resources were posted
	on trello. Feedbacks were given on slack as well for everyone to stay updated.
	While on this, Cade started setting up the database for the forum login feature.

	25/9/2017
	=========
	The Monday meeting couldn't hold due to assignments and other course works that everyone had.

	26/9/2017
	=========
	While still carrying out the research, some features were added. The user registration feature was added.
	The database set up was started by Nick and I joined him in making a few changes needed.
	Also, I started preparing the files containing the php, html and css code needed for the login feature to Ninh so he could
	make changes to fit in with the website layout. 
	I was unable to push the files on git for Ninh due to inappropriate saving, leading to the loss of the files. So this
	would be done by Thursday.

	28/9/2017
	=========
	We had a brief meeting to review our progress so far. It appears that we still have a very long way to go.
	There should have been a much more improvment if there was an active support from every member. Hence,
	Aaron and I used that moment to encourage everyone to consider putting more effort into the project, especially 
	those who have inputs.
	Also, it was decided that the holidays should be spent focusing on individuals' portfolio, and to put meetings on hold until resumption.
	I have not been able to finish preparing the log in files for Ninh, but I hope to on resumption.



	17/10/2017
	=========
	- Brief catchup on progress.
	- Tesing:	Adon informed us about our project that would be tested by the Software Testing course students. He appointed me as the 		contact for my group. This means that after deciding on a suitable time for both parties, we would have a selected Software Tesing 		student to test our project and give a feedback on the outcomes.
	- Deliberation and Decision on layout formats:
		To help with improvement on our project, I suggested that we all decide on a specific layout for the webpages, which we can all 	build on and maintain consistency. <hyperlink>This</hyperlink> is the rough sketch/wireframe of the sellected layout is.


	19/10/2017
	=========
	- Addition of markers to the map: Aaron added some markers to the map in Refugee information page. These markers would have
					the icon help centres and would mark the locations of the help centres.


	NOTES
	=======

	Professional evidences: management, communication, teamwork,timeline.
	Technical evidences: Project contributions, Jekyll, accounts setups and management.

	>> Learning jekyll for the portfolio

	**Challenges
		---------------
	   - Time:
		Steps taken
		----------------
		- Dedicated at least 30 minutes everyday to studying how to use jekyll
		
	   - Implementing bash on windows:
		Steps taken
		----------------
		- Watched instructional videos and read the Ubuntu documentation on using bash on windows.
	  

	**Diffuculties
	  ---------------
	 - Knowledge of Jekyll for portfolio blog:
		I do not have any idea or understanding of what jekyll is, how it could be used wna what it is used for. The only basic knowledge
		that i have, however, is that it can be used to create static sites from text documents as input.

	 - Tutorials:
		I tried learning about it from the Jekyll website <a href="https://jekyllrb.com/docs/windows">documentation</a> on how to 		install jekyll on Windows 10. This tutorial however didn't provide me with much information that I felt i needed.

		Although, <a href="https://github.com/KeJunMao/fastjekyll#autoinstall-jekyll-for-windows">auto install for Windows</a> link was 		provided on the tutorial page, I was more interested in learnng how to set jekyll up.

		Luckily, <a href="https://labs.sverrirs.com/jekyll/1-ruby-and-devkit.html">this tutorial</a> was on the jekyll installation guide page.

	 - Problems:
		After